feat(appmesh): allow setting the DnsResponseType in DNS ServiceDiscovery (#15388)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-appmesh/README.md

// A Virtual Node with a gRPC listener with a connection pool set
const node = new appmesh.VirtualNode(stack, 'node', {
  mesh,

>   // DNS service discovery can optionally specify the DNS response type either LOADBALANCER or ENDPOINTS.
>   // LOADBALANCER means that the DNS resolver returns a loadbalanced set of endpoints, 
>   // whereas ENDPOINTS means that the DNS resolver is returning all the endpoints.
>   // By default, the response type is assumed to be LOADBALANCER.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // DNS service discovery can optionally specify the DNS response type as either LOAD_BALANCER or ENDPOINTS.
  // LOAD_BALANCER means that the DNS resolver returns a loadbalanced set of endpoints, 
  // whereas ENDPOINTS means that the DNS resolver is returning all the endpoints.
  // By default, the response type is assumed to be LOAD_BALANCER
```

// A Virtual Node with a gRPC listener with a connection pool set
const node = new appmesh.VirtualNode(stack, 'node', {
  mesh,

>   serviceDiscovery: appmesh.ServiceDiscovery.dns('node', appmesh.ResponseType.LOADBALANCER),

Author: Addressed. Let me know if it is too long.
